CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

1. Make a GitHub issue for your contribution.
	- Please be as specific as possible and supply as much info as you can.
	- Ideally, do this before coding your contribution so people don't duplicate work.
2. `git clone` the repo.
3. Make your changes.
4. Submit a pull request for your issue.
5. Feel good.

# Additional Resources
- [How to make a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
- [How to submit a pull request for a pre-existing issue](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4528869/how-do-you-attach-a-new-pull-request-to-an-existing-issue-on-github).
- [GitHub help central](https://help.github.com/).
- [How to write a good commit message](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/5-useful-tips-for-a-better-commit-message).
	- [This article](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html) also contains good info on the subject.
- Good info on [git in general](http://eev.ee/blog/2015/04/24/just-enough-git-to-be-less-dangerous/).
	- The [tutorial](http://git-scm.com/docs/gittutorial) is good, too.

Commit message:

Update how-to-write-commit-messages section

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

1. Make a GitHub issue for your contribution.
	- Please be as specific as possible and supply as much info as you can.
	- Ideally, do this before coding your contribution so people don't duplicate work.
2. `git clone` the repo.
3. Make your changes.
4. Submit a pull request for your issue.
5. Feel good.

# Writing a good Git Commit Message

Writing a good commit message is a subtle thing. Here are some resources to help with it:



# Additional Resources
- [How to make a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).
- [How to submit a pull request for a pre-existing issue](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4528869/how-do-you-attach-a-new-pull-request-to-an-existing-issue-on-github).
- [GitHub help central](https://help.github.com/).
- Good info on [git in general](http://eev.ee/blog/2015/04/24/just-enough-git-to-be-less-dangerous/).
	- The [tutorial](http://git-scm.com/docs/gittutorial) is good, too.

#### Writing a good Git Commit Message
Writing a good commit message is a subtle thing. Here are some resources to help with it:

- [The longest, most thorough treatment of the subject I know](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/).
- If that's too long for you, try [5 useful tips for a better commit message](https://robots.thoughtbot.com/5-useful-tips-for-a-better-commit-message).
- [This article](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html) also contains good info on the subject.
